This file contains additional information about the license of
this software. These are all about my opinion and only for this
software.

**This text does not describe about the license of Allegro 5. Please
consult the Allegro 5 Development Team for it.**

## You can use this software as the most conditions of MIT license

First, MIT license requires you to include the copyright notice and
the license document (here, the license documeent means Allogro 5
License, and not MIT), when you want to distribute "the software"
itself, or your software which includes "the software" (in any form,
binary or source).

This is not required for the Allegro 5 license. But you can do this as
'an acknowledgement'.

Instead, you must not describe the origin of this software in a
misrepresenting or misleading way. For MIT license, this never happens
because of the above requirements.

Both license declares that "the software" is provided by 'as is'
basis.

Of course, you can use, copy, modify, distribute and/or sell "the
software". But if you want to distribute the modified version of
source code, it must be distinguishable from original one.

I explicitly allows to make a modified version without marking on the
documentation or the source code if you are going to create a modified
version that would be merged to the mainstream. When I refuse merging,
please add a mark of modification point to the documentation and/or
the source code if you want to continue to distribute it.

You can sublicense ([in term of
MIT](https://writing.kemitchell.com/2016/09/21/MIT-License-Line-by-Line.html))
"the software". But "the software" included in another software may
not be sublicensed. You might be licensed from the owner of "another
software" even for the part of "the software", unless it is properly
declared to be sublicensed.
